README.md, before:

# web-intercom

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/aKuad/py-web-intercom?label=version)](https://github.com/aKuad/py-web-intercom/releases) [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/aKuad/py-web-intercom)](https://github.com/aKuad/py-web-intercom/blob/main/LICENSE)

Inter-communication system on browser via LAN. Powered by Deno.

![Top image](./assets/top-image.webp)

## Features

- Multi users talking
  - Required only a browser, additional applications isn't necessary
  - ... means this is cross-platform
- Each user's input volume controlling
  - Also works on browsers
- Easy to setup the server
  - Required only Deno

## Server deployment

As requirements, install [Deno](https://deno.com/) at first.

Then just only run:

```sh
cd src
deno run --allow-net --allow-read main.ts
```

## Client usage

### Audio client

Access to `http://server.address/`

Type lane name, then click 'connect'.

![Audio client UI - Lane name setting](./assets/ui-image-audio-client.webp)

### Mixer client

Access to `http://server.address/mixer.html`

Type lane name, then click 'connect'.

![Mixer client UI - Lane name setting](./assets/ui-image-mixer-client-1.webp)

Then view all lanes fader and meter. Move fader to control gain of each lane.

![Mixer client UI - Volume control](./assets/ui-image-mixer-client-2.webp)

## License

[CC0-1.0](https://github.com/aKuad/py-web-intercom/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add: Note for not working on iOS safari via HTTP (no SSL/TLS)
Signed-off-by: aKuad <53811809+aKuad@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# web-intercom

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/aKuad/py-web-intercom?label=version)](https://github.com/aKuad/py-web-intercom/releases) [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/aKuad/py-web-intercom)](https://github.com/aKuad/py-web-intercom/blob/main/LICENSE)

Inter-communication system on browser via LAN. Powered by Deno.

![Top image](./assets/top-image.webp)

## Features

- Multi users talking
  - Required only a browser, additional applications isn't necessary
  - ... means this is cross-platform
- Each user's input volume controlling
  - Also works on browsers
- Easy to setup the server
  - Required only Deno

## Note

It not works on iOS Safari via HTTP (not SSL/TLS) connection. Safari not allow using `navigator.mediaDevices` at unsecure connection.

## Server deployment

As requirements, install [Deno](https://deno.com/) at first.

Then just only run:

```sh
cd src
deno run --allow-net --allow-read main.ts
```

## Client usage

### Audio client

Access to `http://server.address/`

Type lane name, then click 'connect'.

![Audio client UI - Lane name setting](./assets/ui-image-audio-client.webp)

### Mixer client

Access to `http://server.address/mixer.html`

Type lane name, then click 'connect'.

![Mixer client UI - Lane name setting](./assets/ui-image-mixer-client-1.webp)

Then view all lanes fader and meter. Move fader to control gain of each lane.

![Mixer client UI - Volume control](./assets/ui-image-mixer-client-2.webp)

## License

[CC0-1.0](https://github.com/aKuad/py-web-intercom/blob/main/LICENSE)
